Tim Berners Lee is a very well-known british computer scientist who was born on June 8, 1955. He had a deep and sincere 
interest in technology all of his life. He was fasciated with computers and continued gaining interest in them as he aged. He 
became very famous for his invention of the World Wide Web ( what we know as WWW ) and for enabling a system that let us view
web pages, through hypertext documents. His inventions are of great use to our technology today. He still continues to
work on making the internet and overall technology better and currently fights for censorship and freedom of informtion on the 
internet.

JCR Licklider was a very well-known American computer scientist and psychologist in the 1900's. He was born in St.louis, 
Missouri, where he later attended college at Washington University. Today he is considered one of the first to notice more 
modern-styled coding and technology and apply it as an advantage to the modern-day world. He helped create the " SAGE"
system (Semi-Automatic Ground Environment) that would later help out in the cold war as a compuer helped air defense 
system.

Paul Baran was a very well-known polish-born American engineer who is very important to the development of computers and their 
networks. One of his greatest accomplishments is his work invloved with the making of ARPANET (The Advanced Research 
Projects Agency Network ), which was an early packet switching network , and the first ever network that could implement 
the original suite TCP/IP. He developed two ideas for this network, the first one being to build a distributed network, 
and the second being a unique technique for data transmission.

Vint Cerf, an Internet pioneer,is famously known as one of the “Father of the Internet”. He is well knowk for being the
co-designer of all the TCP/IP protocals and for having a great role in the architecture of the Internet. Vint Cerf began
this work at the United States Department of Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which is also referred to as DARPA.
Here, he played an important part in leading the growth and development of the internet, data packets relating to the 
Internet,and other security technologies made in the department. Ever since the early 2000's,Vint Cerf has served for
Google as the Vice president and chief evangelist for the same company. He also served for ICANN (Internet Corporation 
for Assigned Names and Numbers), an association that he helped get together.

Vannevar Bush was a very well known American engineer, science administrator, and inventor for his time. In the year 1940,
the NDRC (National Defense Research Committee) was formed and the president, President Roosevelt made Vannevar Bush its
president.After one year went by, the Office of Scientific Research and Development was formed, including the National 
Defense Research Committee, with Bush as the president once again. In 1944, approximately four years after the NDRC was 
formed, President Roosevelt asked Vannevar to suggest future peacetime applications for the devices that were developed 
during World War II. In the next year, he submitted his very popular report called "Science, the Endless Frontier", which 
happened to lead to the formation of the National Science Foundation.Bush served on this committee for several years before
becoming the chairman of the MIT corporation, which he was on for the rest of his life.

Marc Andreessen



 
